# 4610TestRepo

Team (Christian Gibbs):


CSCSN Data Co. - Christian Gibbs, Spencer Myers, Cannon Madlem, Spencer Smith, and Neeraj Raja
Description of Problem (Christian Gibbs):
A new restaurant, Four-For-Four Dining, has emerged in the city of Athens, Georgia. They have contacted our consulting company, CSCSN Data Co., to develop a data model to track information for the restaurant.
Four-For-Four Dining is a company which has many franchise locations. Each location consists of an address (broken down), a store phone number, and an email for business inquiries. They also have several employees at each location. Employee information includes their name, their position at Four-For-Four, a salary (these are full-time workers!), a phone number, and a personal email. Some employees have positions in which they manage other employees, which should be reflected in the data model.
Keeping track of inventory is of high priority to Four-For-Four. There are many different suppliers who sell inventory to the company. Supplier information includes the name of the supplier, a description of what inventory they sell, and contact information such as phone number and email address. Each Four-For-Four Dining location has a unique inventory that they order, including information like the inventory’s name, the product type, and the last updated date of the inventory’s purchase.
Upon its grand opening, Four-For-Four Dining has attracted many customers to its locations. The restaurant has requested access to a customer’s full name, contact information (phone number and email will do), primary and secondary addresses, city, state, zip code, and country. The company is looking to provide an incentive for customers to return. In order to achieve this, Four-For-Four should look to implement a rewards program. Customers can advance to different tiers in the program, which is determined by meeting a certain rewards points threshold. Each tier provides deals such as a free entree or drink, and the quality of the deals increase as a customer moves up the tiers in the rewards program.
Lastly, the company wants to keep track of information of the orders placed by customers. They would like to know the date and time of when an order was placed and when a payment is made. Crucial payment information includes the type of payment being made and the amount paid. When an order is made, they would like to know the composition of it as well. This can include several menu items as well as the quantity of those menu items ordered. Important menu item information is as simple as its name, description, price, and calorie count. Menu items also may be part of a combo item (a burger, fries, and drink are separate menu items, but may be combined into a combo).
Four-For-Four Dining is counting on CSCSN Data Co. to develop a comprehensive data model that meets their business needs. Draw a data model to accurately represent the information that they would like to collect.
Data Model (Christian Gibbs, Spencer Myers, Cannon Madlem, Spencer Smith, and Neeraj Raja):
